---
layout: default
published: true
permalink: /content/en/about/
lang: en
title: About
---

# About

The Global Plastic Navigator visualises the most recent and high-resolution data of current scientific publications on marine plastic pollution—from mismanaged waste on land, emission of rivers into the oceans and floating plastic concentration in the oceans.

The Global Plastic Navigator aims to continuously show the most current data on plastic pollution. Scientific publications will be scanned, and new data regularly updated.

The visualised data is designed to assist decision-makers in developing the best possible strategies to stop the discharge of plastic into the world’s oceans. WWF believes that this global problem urgently requires a global response. This issue cannot be solved on a national or regional level or through non-binding, voluntary measures alone. It requires coordinated international action, shared responsibility, and a common approach. In March 2022, the United Nations Environment Assembly decided, through adoption of [Resolution 5/14 (pdf)]( https://wedocs.unep.org/bitstream/handle/20.500.11822/39812/OEWG_PP_1_INF_1_UNEA%20resolution.pdf), to **develop an international legally binding instrument to end plastic pollution**, with the aim of concluding the negotiation by end of 2024.

In the policy layer, the Global Plastic Navigator shows the level of support of states participating in the negotiation, for the inclusion of different groups of specific, binding measures in the new plastic pollution treaty. WWF calls on states to maximise the potential of a new international legally binding agreement, by negotiating a treaty with binding global rules to address the global problem of plastic pollution.

The sources of the data used are shown explicitly in the layer descriptions with references and if possible, links to the publications.

_The designation of geographical entities and the presentation of the material do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of WWF concerning the legal status of any country, territory, or area, or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries. The map of countries is reproduced from Natural Earth, a public domain map dataset that is built through a collaboration of volunteers and supported by NACIS (North American Cartographic Information Society)._

## Acknowledgements

The Global Plastic Navigator was designed and developed by [dumpark](https://dumpark.com/) exclusively for WWF. Thanks goes to all the scientists who have worked on and are still researching this issue and publicly sharing their knowledge to provide scientific data for evidence-based policy decisions.

Published in September 2020 by [WWF Germany](https://www.wwf.de/)

Any reproduction in full or in part must mention the title and credit the above-mentioned publisher as the copyright owner.

© WWF / dumpark

All rights reserved
